So that will be the last question.
Congratulations to both teams! You both answered an equal number of questions correctly!
Congratulations to Team 1! You're the winner today!
Congratulations to Team 2! You're the winner today!
Let's choose our first category!
Do you want to switch categories?
We can stay on this category, or change to another one.
The categories are: 
General Knowledge
Science
History
Movies
Food
Animals
Which category would you like?
And which would you like?
So the chosen category is: 
There was a tie between 
I will choose randomly between the two categories.
 and 
The next category will be: 
I had a great time playing with everyone today.
I am looking forward to playing again.
Have a great day.
Goodbye!
Hello!
My name is Tan gee!
I am so excited to play trivia with you today!
I love playing this game!
To begin, I will call out a series of categories. You can then choose a category you would like to play using the buttons on your keyboard!
Once we have a category, I will give a question, and then three possible answers. To answer the question, first buzz in using the big red button on your keyboard!
If you buzz in first, you get to answer the question! But be careful!
If you get the question wrong, the other players will then get to answer the question.
I'll be asking you if you want to switch categories every few questions. If you want to continue with the same category, or if you want to change categories, just let me know by pressing the button on your keyboard!
Let's play Trivia!
Time for the first question!
Alright. Let's move on to the next question.
Time for the next question.
How about another question?
How about a joke?
Hee! hee! hee!
Why wouldn't the shrimp share his treasure?
Because he was a little shellfish.
What's the best way to carve wood?
Whittle by whittle.
What's the difference between a guitar and a fish?
You can't tuna fish!
Why did the picture go to jail?
Because it was framed.
What season is it when you are on a trampoline?
Spring time.
Why can't your nose be 12 inches long?
Because then it would be a foot!
Who shaves 10 times a day and still has a beard?
A barber
Have you heard the joke about the butter?
I better not tell you, it might spread.
Why was the math textbook sad?
because it had so many problems!
Why did the student eat his homework?
Because his teacher said it was a piece of cake.
Why did the belt get arrested?
Because he held up a pair of pants!
A: 
B: 
C: 

